# Java JSP Web App
COMP0004 OOP Java Coursework. List Application.
## Features
Once the user enters the web application, the user is met with the home page. On every page, the navigation bar at the top contains different links to go to different pages such as the home page, pages to configure lists, and the pages to configure list content (items). To the right of the navigation bar is a search box. Entering a keyword and searching will bring the user to the search result page which contains list names that match the keyword as well as items that contain the keyword within its values. Also, the result page will contain links to each result found. Users can add lists, delete lists as well as rename lists. When renaming lists, all linked list items will also be updated to link to the new list name. In the list viewer page, it shows a list of all the lists and when a list is clicked, it will bring the user to the list page which displays the content of the lists as well as buttons to configure items in the list (add, delete and edit). A regular list can store 5 different item types: a text, a url, an image, a linked list and a multi element item. Text, url and images are self explanatory. A linked list is stored as the list name and once pressed, it will take the user to the linked list’s page. A multi element item is an item that allows users to store many different item types within one item. To configure the multi element items, the user has to press the multi element item which will allow the user to view the contents of that multi element item as well as buttons to configure it. Editing and deleting is done by the user providing the position of the item the user wants to configure. As a bonus feature, all of the pages and its elements are responsive to screen sizes meaning the web application can be viewed on laptops as well as mobile devices.
